Letter to Mariah II
===================

Your body ---
how you write

Architecture, Ideas: the Imagination in which reside all things
lives in the body. And so you describe the cosmos of a cafe,
a chamber (of smoke) and these things are as alive as we are,
as embodied.

But I feel so divorced from that part of myself. Decapitated, in a way,
except the head is what I've kept. You could think it a luxury, to go
through the world with so little attention payed to how others see me.
And I have bragged! of whole days spent with not even a glance given
to my face in a mirror.

Alice talks about how grounding it is, to know that our minds are fused
to our bodies. That even the loftiest thoughts can be made to come to
Earth. And then she speaks of a kind of consciousness that radiates in
all our limbs, a kind of truest thought, honest thought.

I suppose I have been there, but only as I have been intoxicated, by
rage and love even. But for that intoxication I never take notice, that
my whole aparatus has come together at once; I do not see it until it
is over.

	on the beach
	ambersmog blanketing the sky
	petrol platforms sleeping
	on the edge of the Earth
	jeweled like gods in
	Sapphire and all the rest

	Grit and grey haze
	brief nakedness
	where we live
	everstill as an engraving

It all seems so unfair, the way I could draw the curves of my first love
but not my own face. A menace, I capture from women their bodies, keep
them. Maybe they know this and that is the exchange. Do they have me?
There again I am oblivious. Oh, what would be right?

I must know my body. I must think with it, wield it, undermine this
tyranny of mind. How else could I be fair?

And when I read you, how you live the world with your whole being. I go
back to my old poems, how little of touch, of taste is there. I play
only with the academic senses; I live. How absurd! How much more there
is to have, to soak in through my skin!

The way you write, everything is alive. Everything is in us, and we are alive. That world. 
